[wine pouring]
Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
[glasses clink]
[underwater sounds]
[bubbling]
[panting]
[footsteps]
[metallic ringing]
Get up. get up. get up.
[panting]
[bird sounds]
[footsteps]
[screeching]
[heavy breathing]
[insects hissing]
[screeching]
[heavy breathing]
[screams]
Shh.
Keep calm.
Keep quiet.
[panting]
[distant booming]
[quiet breathing]
It's all right.
[booming grows]
My name is Gerard.
I'll move my hand away.
Promise.
Stay silent.
[heavy breathing]
What the hell are
you doing here?
And are you alone?
I was walking with my friends.
They've picked [inaudible].
They're all dead.
Every single one
of them is dead.
[panting]
Not here.
Follow me.
Please.
Shh.
Follow me.
Shut up.
[heavy breathing]
Get inside.
You first.
I can't see anything.
Just get in.
They could jump us at any time.
Now!
Where does it go?
Why is this place--
Just go.
But where does it go?
Safety below.
Are there other
people down there?
No. no. no.
Oh. god.
I don't think this
is a good idea.
We need to go back.
We could drive to the--
Look!
They're out there.
We're in here. safe.
[inaudible] [? really think. ?]
[screeching]
[ringing]
[heavy breathing]
[inaudible]
Gerard.
[running]
Ah.
Gerard.
Wait for me.
[footsteps]
Gerard.
[suspenseful music grows]
[screeching]
[door opens]
[footsteps]
[door rattle]
Oh.
Oh. my god.
Where is that stupid girl?
Why?
She doesn't bloody
listen to me. does she?
Oh. my god.
They're coming.
[panting]
Calm down.
Gerard.
[footsteps]
I can't make it. but
there's something here.
[light music]
[mice squeaking]
Ah.
Ahh!
[mice squeaking]
Gerard.
[footsteps]
[gasping]
[thud]
Gerard.
[water drips]
[light music]
[gasps] Terry.
Terry.
[shuffling]
Oh. my god.
Terry.
[sobbing]
[blood spurts]
Oh. come on. come on.
[screech]
Gerard?
[panting]
Gerard.
[screech]
[panting]
[footsteps]
Gerard.
[monsters squealing]
[heavy breathing]
[footsteps]
[monster squeaking]
[gasping]
[thud]
[struggling]
Ahh!
[ambient music]
[light piano]
[indistinct speaking]
(SINGING) Three blind mice.
Three blind mice.
See how they run.
They all ran after the farmer's
wife who cut off their tails
with a carving knife.
have you ever seen such a sight
in your life as
Three blind mice.
[light music]
[light music continues]
Abigail. this isn't you.
None of this is you.
What about it. mom?
What am I doing?
You know what you're doing.
I can't say it.
I can.
Drugs.
[plastic bag crinkles]
Benzodiazepines sometimes
called benzos is a drug that
relieves anxiety and insomnia.
They're effective when
on you short term.
but long term use
increases the risk
of addiction. that can lead
to mood swings. aggression.
depression. and overdoses.
OK.
Thanks. Wikipedia.
Abby. it's worse than
what you're saying.
You have to admit that.
I don't need you here.
[footsteps]
I'm your friend.
That's why I'm here.
That's why I'm
saying any of this.
Look. I've said this
over and over again.
And I really don't
want to repeat myself.
Seeing as you're all here.
yes. I took something once.
And I mixed it with like a
substantial amount of alcohol
and it resulted in my
not-so-finest hour.
Abigail.
Please. mom.
Please.
Just let me speak.
This whole situation
is an overreaction.
And yes. I haven't been doing as
well as I could do at college.
But I'm working at figuring
that out and fixing it that.
That-- it's gotten
to be too much.
You're reliant on the drug.
You're just as bad. Laura.
Christ.
[light music]
I wasn't taking drugs.
[pills rattling]
[banging]
[bag rustles]
[chopping]
[deep breath]
[silence]
[knocking]
Abigail?
Yeah. give me a minute.
What are you doing in there?
A minute. one sec. please.
Come out now.
Oh. just give me a second.
Your friend is here.
Open the door.
Friend?
I don't have a friend.
Abby. it's me Laura.
Mom. what is she doing here?
I'm here to help you.
You want to help me.
[sniffing]
Laura. it might be better
if you waited downstairs.
Thanks for all the help. Laura.
[snickers]
[knocking]
One sec.
OK.
[toilet flushing]
[water running]
[knocking]
[door unlocks]
Mom. can you just
give me some space?
Were you doing drugs in there?
I'm not taking anything.
Look me in the
eyes and say that.
Mom.
Abigail. please.
[silence]
Happy now?
[footsteps]
What do you think?
I don't know.
Well. do you think
she's still on or--
Keith. I don't know.
I don't know nothing
about class A drugs.
The hardest drug I ever
took was an epidural
when I was having Madden bear.
All right.
I'm just asking.
Does she seem like herself?
She hasn't seemed like
herself since she was 15.
I just don't know.
There is only one
way to find out.
[silence]
[chair slides]
[footsteps]
[table creaks]
[chair slides]
Hello. Abigail.
My name's Cara.
Your parents have asked
me to come and speak
to you about your
substance abuse
habit and relative issues.
So this is officially
an intervention then.
A what?
That's more of an American
term. sort of thing
you see on a TV show.
But I suppose what we're
doing here is not dissimilar.
Now. the first thing
you have to do.
Abigail. is to admit to yourself
that you've got a problem.
OK.
Oh. yeah.
I do have a problem.
And my problem is that my
family think they know me.
They won't listen to me.
And others pretend
to be my friend.
So yeah. I think
this has actually all
been a big. big
waste of your time.
So I'll just leave if I was you.
I've seen many cases like
yours over the years. Abigail.
Do you find that you're
having to take more and more
to get the same effect?
I'm fine.
A break from your studies
is a good first step.
Now. I suggest we take
some further steps.
Such as?
Getting break from
routine. from familiarity.
That's why so many
rehabilitation centers are out
of the way.
The patient needs to
concentrate on the recovery.
You're talking about me
like I'm not even here.
She needs to go to rehab?
I find it takes better if
the whole family is involved.
Get away from it.
concentrate on the one issue.
Hang on.
She's been sent
home from college
and she's getting a
free vacation out of it?
Mark. you're not
helping anything.
I don't see how a free
trip away is going to help.
Please stop.
Not a trip.
It's not a reward.
It's not a punishment either.
You've really sold me.
It's a realignment.
Peace and tranquility so
that Abigail and I can
concentrate on her recovery.
We have some cabins
in the country
that we use from time
to time. very remote.
No WiFi.
Eww.
Where is that?
Somewhere very far
away from here.
But there is room for all
the family and friend.
Not a vacation?
(SINGING) Three blind mice.
See how they run.
They all ran after the farmer's
wife who cut off their tails
with a carving knife.
Did you ever see such
a thing in your life?
Three blind mice.
[footsteps]
[light wind blows]
Can we just talk about--
We're doing this for you.
C'mon.
You go first.
Look. I'm not doing
this out of spite.
I'm seriously concerned for you.
Your parents called me
and asked me how you were.
But they already
knew that you were
struggling because the
university called them.
Seriously.
Why are you acting
like you've never
done drugs before in your life?
Like you're so
fucking squeaky clean?
Prim and proper or something.
Yeah. OK.
Once or twice.
But you knew that.
We did it together.
Yeah.
But you're using
every day. constantly.
And you owe Francis money.
Why did you even have to
tell them about Frank?
You know. I'm really
starting to think
that you're just here for
something else. not even me.
really.
OK. I'm trying to stay calm.
Cara said this would
be difficult for you.
Yeah.
Well. it's not working. is it?
You're not going to have
any friends left. Abby.
As far as I'm concerned.
I actually don't.
So--
[sigh]
[car door opens]
[feet shuffling]
Abigail. why don't
we travel together?
Your family and friend
can travel together.
Give us time to chat.
OK.
Let's rid of two
evils. I suppose.
[light music]
[pulling clutch]
[car door opens]
[car door shuts]
No giving away our location.
I'm not going to post it.
There's probably no signal.
In fact. I want
everyone's phones.
What?
Now. we're here.
We have to focus on
Abigail and her recovery.
I've already got her phone.
Now. we don't want to give
her any temptation in case
she tries to contact--
Her dealer.
--the outside world.
Everyone.
[thud]
[dark music]
[door creaks]
Ah.
Well this is musty.
Need to crack a window in here.
Shit.
it stinks in here.
Hey.
We haven't picked those.
Fine.
[footsteps]
[light piano]
[dark music]
Huh.
When she went there.
the cupboard was bare.
I can pick up a few
things if you'd like.
We'll need to. but I wasn't
expecting you to do it.
I have a few calls
to make before we
get set into the weekend.
And I have to obey my own rules.
Hey.
It will work out. I promise you.
This is this all my fault.
Did we do something wrong?
Every parent asks that question.
What you're doing now
is the right thing.
We will find out why Abigail
was attracted to taking drugs
in the first place.
It will work out.
Trust me.
But before it does.
I have to warn you.
she will do and say
almost anything.
There's a lot of hard
work. a lot of healing.
You have to be there for
her in the next few days.
Going cold turkey will test her
to the worst of her extremes.
[sigh]
You think her
attitude is bad now?
It's not a fraction of how
bad it is going to get.
But we will get
your daughter back.
I promise.
[clothes rustling]
[sigh]
[guitar music plays]
[skidding]
[door opens]
[car engine running]
[door closes]
[guitar music plays]
[music builds]
[car engine running]
[car radio playing]
[engine continues]
Oh. shit.
[groans]
[sigh]
There's some board
games in here.
Do you want to play?
Mm.
Are you going to be like
this the whole time?
Like what?
We're doing this for
your own good. you know.
My own good?
OK.
That's rich coming from you.
I don't know what's worse.
your clear addiction
or your addiction to him.
There it is.
There it is. what?
Just admit it. you're jealous.
That you're jealous of Frank.
Your whole life
you've had it so easy.
Everyone falls head
over heels for you.
Everyone wants to impress you.
And now. you're just jealous.
Now. you just created
this whole circus.
[silence]
You're clearly in the thrall.
I care about you.
No. you don't.
You don't care about me.
You care about you.
All you do is fucking love you.
Piss off.
[door opens]
[door closes]
[paper crinkling]
Hm.
[exhale]
[footsteps]
[sigh]
What's happening?
How do you help someone who
doesn't want to be helped?
It's going to be
the drugs. right?
Makes her say things.
mood swings. all that.
Part of what
rehabilitation is. I guess.
Cara will get us through this.
Where is she anyway?
Hope she's not going
to be much longer.
I'm starving.
Maybe one of us should
go and sit with Abigail.
I would maybe give her a
few minutes to cool down.
She was fairly rowdy.
Well. I'm going
to go for a walk.
Get some air. clear my head.
From what?
Everything.
A quick reset.
You mean. you're
going to have a smoke?
Not at all.
10 days. I've been off them.
I wonder where Abby gets
her addictive personality.
[silence]
[breathing]
[sigh]
[car engine]
[light music]
[monster squealing]
What the hell?
Oh. my god.
[monster squealing]
Ahh!
[door opens]
[silence]
[door closes]
[blankets rustle]
[curtains rustle]
[woods sounds]
[light piano]
I can quit any time I want.
[light piano continues]
Huh.
Yeah. any time I want.
[light piano]
[window opens]
[cigarette burning]
Abigail?
[light music]
Abigail.
Wait.
Abby.
We're in the middle of nowhere.
Where are you going?
Abby.
[bird sounds]
[intense music]
[footsteps]
[screeching]
[woods creaking]
[cracking wood]
Jesus.
Where the hell do you
think you're going
in the middle of the night?
Dad. stop.
Are you going to
meet your dealer?
Is that what's going on?
I don't need to
be kept prisoner.
You're not being kept prisoner.
Oh. really?
So I can just leave then.
No. no.
You need to stay to get better.
Look. I know it seems harsh.
But you're my daughter
and I love you.
And I want to help
you through this.
It's got to be done.
Dad. seriously.
I'm not addicted. I swear.
I just let it get
really out of hand.
I promise you.
You will say anything to get
to this guy and what you need.
I tell you what I need.
I need you to hear me. OK?
And listen to me.
Look. look.
It's late.
It's wet.
Let's go back to the cabin.
Hopefully. Cara will be
back soon with some food.
get something to
eat. get some sleep.
start again in the morning.
No.
Come on. Abby.
Stop.
Just stop.
Come on. we can
do this together.
Yeah?
Dad?
Dad.
Oh. my god.
On my back.
You're bleeding.
What's in my back?
Don't move.
It's an arrow.
What do you mean an arrow?
It's a fucking arrow.
It's an arrow.
Who the fuck fires
arrows at people?
I don't know.
Ah.
We have to get out of here. Dad.
Can you move?
Barely.
Oh. my god.
Ah. Jesus.
[light drone music]
[arrow whoosh]
Oh. my god. Dad.
Dad. you have to move.
You have to move.
Get up now. please.
Dad. can you move?
We need to get out of here now.
You need to fucking move.
You need to move.
Can you move?
You have to get up.
Dad.
OK?
OK.
Dad.
Which way back to the cabin?
I don't know.
Oh. my god.
Just pick a direction.
Go. go.
OK. this way.
Are you OK?
[metallic fluttering]
Abby?
Abigail.
Abby.
Hey.
It's OK.
Ah.
Dad. come on.
Yeah.
Please. just move.
Ok.
Ah.
Wait.
Oh. my god.
It's a car.
There's a car.
Oh. son of a bitch.
Damn it.
It's OK.
We got to move.
We got to keep moving.
We got to go.
Dad.
I think this car is Cara.
That can't be good.
Look. I'll wait here.
Put me down.
Go check the car.
That is the only option we have.
You got to keep moving. please.
Just keep moving.
Move.
You are so stubborn.
It's OK.
We will be there.
Yeah.
OK.
You got it.
You got it. OK.
One more step.
One more step. Dad.
OK.
Shit.
What if she took the keys?
Hang on.
OK.
OK. one second.
OK. there's no keys here.
Ah.
Once second.
One second. okay?
Ah.
Fuck.
Ah!
Dad.
Dad!
Please.
Dad. who's-- Ah!
Ah!
Abby.
No. daddy.
[crying]
Abby.
Cara said she would do
this to force her to stay.
Find her. please.
She's your little sister.
You have to take care of her.
[gasp]
[dark music]
No shit.
[light piano music]
[panting]
Cara.
No!
[panting]
[crying]
Help.
Help!
Abby.
[crying]
Dad.
Abby.
Dad!
Dad.
Where-- where the hell are we?
Dad. they're going to kill us.
They're going to kill us.
We're going to to die.
We're going to die. Dad.
I can't move.
[whimpering]
[monster screeching]
Daddy. they're
going to kills us.
[crying continues]
No!
No. no. no.
Get away from me.
Hey. over here.
Hey!
[crying continues]
What are you doing?
Whatever I can.
Freak show. over here.
Dad. no!
You've got to get out of here.
You've got to try and get away.
Dad. no!
Ahh!
Dad. no. please!
Abby. I love you!
You got to get away.
Ahh!
[crying continues]
Yeah.
You want some of this?
Yeah!
[screaming]
Ahh!
No.
Get away.
Ahh!
[crying continues]
[whimpering]
Ahh!
[crying continues]
Please. please. please.
Ahh!
[crying continues]
Abby!
Ahh!
[crying continues]
No. no. no.
Ahh!
Abigail.
Abby. where are you?
Abby.
Abigail.
Ahh!
No. no. no.
Please. please. please.
No. Dad.
I'm sorry. Abby.
I'm sorry.
Get away from him.
Run!
Ahh!
Dad!
[crying]
[struggling]
[groaning]
[footsteps]
[monsters shuffling]
[growling]
[screeching]
[light music]
[growling]
[low music]
[tools crash]
[footsteps]
[monster growls]
[metal crash]
[beeping]
[monster growls]
[squeaking]
[footsteps]
[panting]
[water drips]
[mouse squeaks]
[metallic ringing]
[low music]
[electronic pulsing]
[panting]
[paper shuffling]
[footsteps]
[light piano]
[panting]
[mysterious music]
[monster growls]
[sniffing]
[screech]
[monster growls]
[sniffing]
[door slams]
Why would she do this?
I'm supposed to be the screw up.
She's the golden child.
Yeah.
Well. that was back home.
She had a difficult
time at university.
She took harder to the social
scene than most people do.
actually.
Where has she gone to?
Ah.
I mean. this way is
where the world leads to.
If she wanted to
go anywhere. she
needed to get a ride. right?
Which way?
That way.
OK.
Let's go there.
[footsteps]
[light music]
[twigs snapping]
Abby.
Abigail.
[light music continues]
Abby.
Oh. I'm here.
Ahh!
That sounds like--
Shh.
Abby?
Her voice comes from
everywhere in these woods.
Abby.
Hey. Laura.
Wait up.
Abby.
[light music continues]
Abby?
Ah!
Oh. my god.
[babbling]
What happened?
Abigail.
Abby?
They're coming.
Shh.
What was that?
They're coming.
Abby.
OK.
Let's go.
[woods sounds]
[footsteps]
[door opens]
Oh. my god.
What happened?
She was speaking gibberish
the whole time.
Then she went silent.
We haven't gotten
anything out of her since.
Abigail. what happened?
Did you fall?
What about your dad?
Where is he?
There's no sign of dad.
What?
She said somebody took
him and that they're
on the way back
here to come for us.
I think she's on something.
Oh.
She was leaving.
And we found her coming back.
Why would she be
coming back then?
Because she scored.
Oh. yeah.
You think she just
happened upon a dealer
in the middle of the woods?
Well. either she's on
something or her withdrawal
symptoms are kicking in.
Stop bickering. the pair of
you. and do something useful.
Like what?
Come on.
There's [? steak? ?]
No. Cara didn't come back yet.
Fuck.
This can't be happening.
Somebody needs to have
those scratches looked at.
There's nothing here
to deal with that.
Is there a first
aid kit in the car?
Yeah. the car.
The car.
We should take the
car and go into town.
I'm not leaving here while Keith
is still wandering out there
in the woods.
There could be a
hospital in town.
OK.
You take Abigail
to find a doctor.
and I'll wait here for your dad.
I'll go and get some
hot water and a towel.
[low drone]
What the fuck are
we going to do?
[sigh]
[light music]
[mice squeaking]
Abby. we're going
to take the car.
We're going to town.
Yes?
We're going to
get you some help.
and we're going to
come back for your dad.
Who's there?
They're coming.
You're coming.
Mark and I are going to go. and
your mom's going to stay here.
They're out there now.
Who did this to you?
You don't understand.
They're out there.
That's all we're taking.
Let's come back for the rest.
Come on.
They're out there now.
Where's your mom?
Ha!
[water running]
[footsteps]
You need to pull
yourself together.
[footsteps]
[screeching]
[low music]
[mice squeaking]
[door knock]
I'm not answering that.
Oh. it's them.
It's them.
Will you shut her the hell up?
Shh.
[inaudible]
[mice squeaking]
Oh. screw this.
Don't answer the door.
Shh.
It's fine.
It's going to be OK. guys.
[creaking]
[footsteps]
Dad?
[creaking]
[music hit]
Ahh!
Oh. fuck!
Oh!
Ahh!
Ah. fuck!
[whimpering]
[banging]
Ahh!
[whimpering]
[silver wear shaking]
Ahh!
[music intensifies]
[squish]
Ahh!
[monster squeals]
[heavy breathing]
Ahh!
[monster growls]
[crying and screeching continue]
[liquid spills]
Ahh!
[crying continues]
[heavy panting]
This isn't going to hold.
Can you help me. please. Abby?
OK.
Can you just hold it?
Jesus.
Abby.
Laura.
Let me in.
It's me.
Oh. my god.
What happened to you?
It's not my blood.
Are you OK?
[heavy breathing]
Mom.
Run!
Go!
Ah.
Mom!
No. mom. no.
No. mom.
[screeching]
{squeaking mice]
[crying continues]
No.
[mom chokes]
Get out.
Abby.
Abby. it's OK.
I need-- I need
you to be stronger.
[inaudible]
You guys. this isn't enough.
It's not holding.
It's OK.
Get out the window.
What about you?
I'll buy you some time.
Go!
Please don't leave me alone.
Now.
Go.
Hey. are you OK?
Inside.
[mice squeaking]
[screeching]
[car engine turning]
It won't start.
Try it again.
No. I think they've
done something
to the engine or something.
Maybe we can just
run up the road.
No. Cara's car.
It's up the road.
I saw it when I was
running away from dad.
Do you have the key?
No.
Well. that's not
very helpful. is it?
She might still have them.
When did you see her?
Yeah. they killed her.
She might still
have them on her.
I know where she is.
We need to get to the bunker.
What bunker?
Come on.
[banging]
OK.
[door slams]
Ahh!
Ahahaha!
[monster growls]
Ah.
Mark.
Are you OK?
I don't feel my leg.
OK.
Will you help me?
Can you walk?
I'll get to the car.
OK.
There's no car.
What?
There's another one.
There's another car?
Yeah.
Can we do this somewhere else?
We need to go.
Son of a bitch.
It's OK.
Hey. we need to
get to the bunker.
There's a bunker?
Yeah.
[monster growls]
[panting]
[woods sounds]
We can't find the
entrance to the bunker.
Wait.
It's not much further.
OK.
It's right here.
Abby.
Wait.
I can't keep up.
(SINGING) Two blind mice.
Two blind mice.
See how they run.
Ah.
You can't keep going.
Of course. I can.
Laura. just go.
No. Mark.
Laura. go with Abigail.
Come on. please.
Where's Cara's car?
Abby said it was
somewhere there.
OK. just go.
I'll meet you there.
No. Mark.
Just go.
No. please.
Laura. you got to go.
I won't.
Don't.
OK?
I'm not going to die.
OK.
I'll be right there.
Just go.
OK.
[heavy breathing]
[footsteps]
Ahh!
[heavy breathing]
[rustling]
[footsteps]
Mark.
Laura. over here.
Over here.
[footsteps]
[rustling]
[panting]
I can't leave you here.
What are you doing?
I can hold on with you.
I told you to go with Abby.
You can't even walk for a while.
Is there a first
aid kit in the car?
I'll check.
It's okay.
[heavy breathing]
There's nothing here.
[breathing]
I got it.
Mark!
[gasping]
[choking]
[heavy breathing]
[crying]
[thud]
[gurgling]
[exhale]
Ah.
[splosh]
No!
[bones cracking]
[screaming]
[monster growls]
[low music]
[whimpering]
[monster squeals]
[thud]
[exhale]
[light music]
[heavy breathing]
[monster growl]
Ah.
[thud]
[rustling]
[heavy breathing]
[light electronic music]
Cara. you wanted to help me.
So help me now.
Where are your keys?
Oh fuck.
[rustling]
[light ambient music]
[metal banging]
Subject 69 shows
surprising results.
Despite the five
doses administered.
her heart keeps a constant beat.
[groaning]
Subject lost all primary
teeth after the third dose
25 days ago.
We can see that the growth
of her new permanent teeth
already progressed strongly.
This is a promising sign.
Mutation of the eyes
haven't started yet
but I believe the subject
will make it to the end.
No. no.
No.
[low tone music]
[high pitched beep]
Ahh!
[high pitched ringing]
[monster screeching]
[panting]
No!
No. no.
[monster squeaking]
[panting]
No. no. no.
[crying]
[mice squeaking]
[monster sniffing]
[panting]
[thud]
[monster wails]
[thud] [blood spurts]
Hey.
Shh.
It's OK.
[whimpering]
[groaning]
[scissors snipping]
OK.
[groaning]
[heavy breathing]
[bag rattling]
[light piano]
[sniffling]
[twitching]
[heavy breathing]
Ugh!
[light piano music]
[music continues]
[breathing]
[monster screeching]
[door opening]
[mysterious music]
[monster screeching]
[monster sounds]
[sniffing]
[squeaking]
[monster sounds]
[growing ambient music]
[monster growls]
[ambient music fades]
[monster screams]
[feet kicking]
[stall shaking]
[monster growling]
[choking]
[stall shaking]
[monster sounds]
[music fades]
Hey!
[monster squeaks]
[thud]
[footsteps]
[drone music fades]
[heavy breathing]
[footsteps]
[laying down tools]
[monster sounds]
[light breathing]
[monster screeching]
Hey.
I know you can't see me.
but you can hear me. right?
Yeah?
I'll take that as a yes.
I think I understand
because I saw those tapes.
Those videotapes and I
saw what they did to you.
I saw what happened and it's
a horrible. horrible abuse.
It's not right.
You've been reduced to
nothing but animals.
And it's so wrong.
That gives you no excuse to
kill my family. my mother.
my father. my brother.
and now my best friend.
Do you hear me?
You lost everything.
And I lost everything too.
Please. can you just let me go?
You have to let me go.
You have to let
me leave unharmed.
Please. please.
Do you understand me?
[monster squealing]
[thud]
Laura.
I got-- I think I was--
I think I was just
getting through to it.
No.
You forgot something.
[heavy breathing]
[coughing]
[panting]
What are you going to do?
Burn this place to
the fucking ground.
[metal banging]
[liquid pouring]
[door opens]
[metal banging]
[light piano]
[thud]
[liquid pouring]
[light piano]
What?
Thank you.
We're going to make it home.
[monster screeching]
[crunching]
[spurting]
No!
[wailing]
[growling]
No.
[squelching]
[crying]
[monster squealing]
[mice squeaking]
[match strike]
Fuck you!
Ahh!
[wailing]
[monster squealing]
[monster groaning]
[music intensifies]
[explosion]
[fire raging]
[birds chirping]
[hopeful music]
[hopeful music continues]
[bird chirping continues]
[music grows]
[thud]
[monster squeals]
(SINGING) One blind mouse.
See how he runs.
[singing continues]
One blind mouse.
See how he runs.
[singing continues]
One blind mouse.
[children laughing]
[click]
[audio logo]
[underwater sounds]
[wine pouring]
[glasses clink]